Add deprecation warnings for `send()`, `transfer()`, ABI coder v1, contract comparisons, virtual modifiers and `memory-safe-assembly` comment (#16174)
ethereum/solidity: docs/security-considerations.rst

        mapping(address => uint) shares;
        /// Withdraw your share.
        function withdraw() public {

>         // This will report a warning (deprecation)

Author: I have left some of these comments because the text mentions `send`/`transfer` in the description or explanation of the examples. This should be rewritten to avoid that.

Reviewer: I think it's fine to leave it as-is with your warnings but we should complete the section with reentrancy when using `call`. or is it there and i just didn't see it?

Author: Right. I changed the final example replacing transfer with call.
Not sure if you were referring to something more that needs adjustment in this section.

Reviewer: no all good!

so the recipient could be a contract that calls back into ``withdraw``.
This would let it get multiple refunds and, basically, retrieve all the Ether in the contract.
In particular, the following contract will allow an attacker to refund multiple times

> as it uses ``call`` which forwards 63/64 of the remaining gas by default:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as it uses ``call`` which does not limit the amount of gas that is forwarded by default:
```
